Dariya Baibolatova
19040214     
 0.  Hello, guys. I’m going to start with a really simple question: Have you ever met your soulmate? 
1. Soulmateness is a connection of minds, a mutual respect, an unconditional love and a total understanding. It's about being yourself and knowing, not only that person is following and understanding your thoughts, but is right there with you, side by side.
Many people think that we will meet only one soulmate in our life.
But not all soulmates are made of the feel-good "we fell in love the moment our eyes     
met and are going to love each other till the end of time" kind. They're not necessarily 
            going to end up as your life partner, either.
        Your soulmate can be your best friend, lover, complete stranger
2. In his dialogue The Symposium, Plato has Aristophanes present a story about soulmates. Aristophanes states that humans originally had four arms, four legs, and a single head made of two faces. These monstrosities were very fast – moving by way of cartwheels – and they were also quite powerful. So powerful, in fact, that the gods were nervous for their dominion. Wanting to weaken the humans, Zeus, Greek king of Gods, decided to cut each in two. And from that moment they sought to find each other
3. how many view romantic love as the answer to life’s problems? How many expect or hope that love will heal the “wound” of our nature and give meaning to life? I suspect many do: our culture practically decrees it. Hollywood films typically ends once the romantic heroes find their soulmates, offering no glimpse of life post-wedding bliss, when kids and work close in – the real test of love. But it’s not true. Even in movies we can see not happy end. Aristophanes places demands and expectations on love that are quite extreme. This sounds miraculous and alluring, but Plato doesn’t believe it. Which is why he couches it in Aristophanes’ satirical story. In short: it’s all quite mythical.
Love will not solve all problems and give you a happy end. But meeting soulmate is something that can help overcome many challenges not as painful as if you were fighting alone
4. If we turn to the question of eternal love, a partner for life then rises some questions, as: What if I will never meet my soulmate? Or alternatively, what if I dive into a relationship or marriage even, but I realize he/she is not my soulmate?
        Do the soulmates exist?
The notion of “soulmate,” implies that there is but one person in the universe who is your match, one person in creation who completes you – whom you will recognize in a flash of lightening. 
In his book Modern Romance, actor and comedian Aziz Ansari tells of a wedding he attended.The vows…were powerful. They were saying the most remarkable things about each other. The vows, Ansari explains, were so exultant, so lofty and transcendent, that “four different couples broke up, supposedly because they didn’t feel they had the love that was expressed in those vows.”
But enduring love is more mundane. It seems unfair, why do many people expect one person to be able to heal all their wounds, to be the perfect partner without a single flaw? This is an immense responsibility no mere mortal can address. True love is mundane in its origins, if not in its conclusion. That is to say, true love is not discovered all of a sudden, at first sight, but rather, it’s the product of immense work, constant attention, and sacrifice.
5. I've always believed in soulmates. But there were 3 questions I didn't know the answer to: 1. Do we have only one and only soulmate in our life? What if I lose him?
      2. What will change in my life after meeting soulmate? Happy end?
      3. Do we really need soulmates? If yes, then why?
After a long research of all the possible articles, theories, and words of philosophers, I stand here in David’s place to answer my questions
Firstly, soulmate is about connection of minds. We can have many soulmates. Some types of soulmates stay around forever, and some leave more quickly than we want them to, but it is okay. Remember your old friends?
Next, Love is not the solution to life’s problems. Don’t expect too much from your soulmate.
Finally, no need to put the search for soulmate as the meaning of life. Because they come and go. Meeting Soulmate is like a gift from life, because next to him/her you feel happiness, understanding, special connection and other best feelings in the world, even for a short time. That’s why we need them.